h2. What's it

For a runner, increasing cadence is an important skill that improves your running form, improves running efficiency and reduces running injuries.

RunningCadence helps you achieving the target cadence in your running workout. It is an application running on Android device, detects your running cadence, plays tone when you're running too slow or too fast then the target cadence.

_Note: It isn't a walk pedometer. Cadence is counted only when you're running._

h2. Changelog

11Q4.3  (1)  - ?
+ Improve voice feedback, less feedback when status jumping between on target and out of target cadence.
+ Try to fix the issue of application being killed after running in background for 30 minutes;

11Q4.2  (1)  - 2011.11.30
+ Set target cadence;
+ Cadence detection runs as background service, should not be easily killed by system;

11Q4.1  (1)  - 2011.10.31  First version.
+ Count running cadence;
+ Report current cadence by TTS;

h2. Installation

* Search "RunningCadence" in Android Market (release version)
* "Download@GoogleCode":http://code.google.com/p/running-cadence/downloads/list (development version)

h2. Feedback

Bug report or feature request, please submit to "issues list":http://code.google.com/p/running-cadence/issues/list . Your feedback can be either in English or in Chinese.

h2. Build

Requires library "android-wheel":http://code.google.com/p/android-wheel/

h2. Contribute

I'm not good at graph design, if you could help to improve the design of application UI or the user experience, I'll be very appreciated.

Now the application need an icon.

Please email to "leoliang@gmail.com":mailto:leoliang@gmail.com if you would like to contribute.

h2. License

"GNU General Public License, version 3":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
